=head1 NAME

mediawiki-orderhelper - Read a list of orders from a wiki, create a table with
amount, nickname pairs.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

C<< http://mw-oh.finalrewind.org/?site= >>I<sitename>

Where I<sitename> must match
C<< https://wiki.chaosdorf.de/Sammelbestellung/ >>I<sitename>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<mediawiki-orderhelper> expects to find table lines of the following kind in
the wiki page:

  | part no || part desc || price || amount || sum || ordered by

I<part no> and I<part desc> are only used to indicate lines in error messages.
All calculations are done using I<sum> and I<ordered by>. If I<sum> does not
match I<price> x I<amount>, a warning is printed.

Note that I<price>, I<amount> and I<sum> must be numbers and must not contain
a currency. You may specify numbers both as C<< 1,23 >> and C<< 1.23 >>.

Example line:

  | AKL 057-03 || Anreihklemme 3-polig, RM5,08 ||   0,30 ||  20 ||  6,00 || derf

Additionally, it will look for either C<< Versandkosten: 1,23 >> or
C<< Versand: 1,23 >> to indicate the shipping price.

Based on these, it will create a new table with one entry per ordering person.

Let I<shipping> be the shipping price, I<total> the sum of all ordered parts,
and I<nametotal> the sum of all parts ordered by the line's person.
Each line contains the person's name, their I<nametotal>, their shipping part
(calculated as C<< shipping * nametotal / total >>) and the sum of these two.

Additionally, a fifth empty column is added, which can be edited manually
to indicate if / how much someone has paid.

=head2 COUPONS

A part ordered by C<< * >> is added to the shipping cost, which will affect
all participants. This is useful for coupons: Add a coupon for C<< * >>
with a negative price and the price will be subtracted from the shipping
cost. If saving remains after that, it will be divided between all
participants, relative to their I<nametotal>.

=head1 HANDLED ERRORS

=head2 MISCALCULATED SUM

If a line's I<sum> does not equal its I<price> times I<amount>, a warning is
printed. The line is still taken into account for all calculations. Only the
I<sum> will be used.

=head2 UNPARSEABLE NUMBERS

If a price / amount is not parseable, a warning will be printed and the
affected line will not be used for calculations.

=head1 BUGS

Probably many. If you find one, let me know.

=head1 AUTHOR

Daniel Friesel E<lt>derf@finalrewind.orgE<gt>

=head1 LICENSE

  0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.
